README.md, before:

# Age Calculator
## About
This is a very basic level age calculator that takes your DOB as input and displays your age in years. It displays 'Happy Birthday 🎉' if it's your birthday today.
## Live View
🔗 [Age Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/age-calculator/)

# Basic Calculator
## About
A simple calculator for simple operations. I used `eval()` even though it's not recommended to use. This is a small project so achieving the result was major focus than how it's accomplished.
## Live View
🔗 [Basic Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/basic-calculator/)

# Dad Jokes Generator
## About
No it doesn't generates a joke. It just fetches a random joke from an API.
## Live View
🔗 [Dad Jokes Generator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/dad-jokes-generator/)

# Dice Roll
## About
Don't have a physical dice? Use this to randomly generate a dice roll and keep track of roll history.
## Live View
🔗 [Dice Roll](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/dice-roll/)

# Fancy Button
## About
A simple button with glow effect. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Fancy Button](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/fancy-button/)

# Image Search
## About
Enter a query and get up to 30 top quality images from unsplash.
## Live View
🔗 [Image Search](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/image-search/)

# Museum of Candy
## About
A landing page for a candy museum. In the course it was built using bootstrap but I tried making this using pure CSS. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Museum of Candy](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/museum-of-candy/)

# Omnifood
## About
Omnifood is a fictional startup which uses AI to create and deliver custom healthy meal plans. And this project's goal was to create a modern and professional looking website for this startup before they launch their product. I created this when I was taking the [Build Responsive Real-World Websites with HTML and CSS](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/) by Jonas Schmedtmann.
## Live View
🔗 [Omnifood](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/omnifood/)

# Photo Blog
## About
I know this looks more like a photo gallery. Initially I created this the way it was built in the course but later I changed it by using CSS Grid. I also added that scale effect on hover. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Photo Blog](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/photo-blog/)

# Pomodoro Timer
## About
Increase your productivity using this 25 minutes pomodoro timer.
## Live View
🔗 [Pomodoro Timer](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/pomodoro-timer/)

# Pricing Panel
## About
A fully responsive pricing panel component. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Pricing Panel](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/pricing-panel/)

# Recipe Book
## About
Search for a keyword and this app wil list down all recipes with their respective links using this [API](https://forkify-api.herokuapp.com/v2).
## Live View
🔗 [Recipe Book](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/recipe-book/)

# Rock Paper Scissors
## About
Bored and don't have any friends? Play this simple game with computer.
## Live View
🔗 [Rock Paper Scissors](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/rock-paper-scissors/)

# Score Keeper
## About
Playing a two player game and want to keep track of the scores? Use this score keeper to do this task. Set a score limit and enjoy playing. It also highlights the score of the winner and the loser with different colors. In the course it was built using bulma but I tried making this using pure CSS. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Score Keeper](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/score-keeper/)

# Stopwatch
## About
This stopwatch will be handy in calculating study durations, rest time between sets, sports etc.
## Live View
🔗 [Stopwatch](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/stopwatch/)

# Tip Calculator
## About
This is a handy tip calculator which takes bill amount and tip percentage as input to calculate and display total amount.
## Live View
🔗 [Tip Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/tip-calculator/)

# Weather App
## About
A simple weather app. Just enter the location and get weather details instantly.
## Live View
🔗 [Weather App](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/weather-app/)

Commit message:

Update: Add info about project photo-gallery
Write about project photo-gallery and include its live view link.

README.md, after:

# Age Calculator
## About
This is a very basic level age calculator that takes your DOB as input and displays your age in years. It displays 'Happy Birthday 🎉' if it's your birthday today.
## Live View
🔗 [Age Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/age-calculator/)

# Basic Calculator
## About
A simple calculator for simple operations. I used `eval()` even though it's not recommended to use. This is a small project so achieving the result was major focus than how it's accomplished.
## Live View
🔗 [Basic Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/basic-calculator/)

# Dad Jokes Generator
## About
No it doesn't generates a joke. It just fetches a random joke from an API.
## Live View
🔗 [Dad Jokes Generator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/dad-jokes-generator/)

# Dice Roll
## About
Don't have a physical dice? Use this to randomly generate a dice roll and keep track of roll history.
## Live View
🔗 [Dice Roll](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/dice-roll/)

# Fancy Button
## About
A simple button with glow effect. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Fancy Button](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/fancy-button/)

# Image Search
## About
Enter a query and get up to 30 top quality images from unsplash.
## Live View
🔗 [Image Search](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/image-search/)

# Museum of Candy
## About
A landing page for a candy museum. In the course it was built using bootstrap but I tried making this using pure CSS. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Museum of Candy](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/museum-of-candy/)

# Omnifood
## About
Omnifood is a fictional startup which uses AI to create and deliver custom healthy meal plans. And this project's goal was to create a modern and professional looking website for this startup before they launch their product. I created this when I was taking the [Build Responsive Real-World Websites with HTML and CSS](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/) by Jonas Schmedtmann.
## Live View
🔗 [Omnifood](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/omnifood/)

# Photo Blog
## About
I know this looks more like a photo gallery. Initially I created this the way it was built in the course but later I changed it by using CSS Grid. I also added that scale effect on hover. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Photo Blog](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/photo-blog/)

# Photo Gallery
## About
Get random top quality images from unsplash and display them in a grid of your choice.
## Live View
🔗 [Photo Gallery](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/photo-gallery/)

# Pomodoro Timer
## About
Increase your productivity using this 25 minutes pomodoro timer.
## Live View
🔗 [Pomodoro Timer](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/pomodoro-timer/)

# Pricing Panel
## About
A fully responsive pricing panel component. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Pricing Panel](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/pricing-panel/)

# Recipe Book
## About
Search for a keyword and this app wil list down all recipes with their respective links using this [API](https://forkify-api.herokuapp.com/v2).
## Live View
🔗 [Recipe Book](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/recipe-book/)

# Rock Paper Scissors
## About
Bored and don't have any friends? Play this simple game with computer.
## Live View
🔗 [Rock Paper Scissors](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/rock-paper-scissors/)

# Score Keeper
## About
Playing a two player game and want to keep track of the scores? Use this score keeper to do this task. Set a score limit and enjoy playing. It also highlights the score of the winner and the loser with different colors. In the course it was built using bulma but I tried making this using pure CSS. I created this when I was taking the [Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-web-developer-bootcamp/) by Colt Steele.
## Live View
🔗 [Score Keeper](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/score-keeper/)

# Stopwatch
## About
This stopwatch will be handy in calculating study durations, rest time between sets, sports etc.
## Live View
🔗 [Stopwatch](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/stopwatch/)

# Tip Calculator
## About
This is a handy tip calculator which takes bill amount and tip percentage as input to calculate and display total amount.
## Live View
🔗 [Tip Calculator](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/tip-calculator/)

# Weather App
## About
A simple weather app. Just enter the location and get weather details instantly.
## Live View
🔗 [Weather App](https://therobinyadav.github.io/web-mini-projects/weather-app/)
